after last season's having five afro
wigs together it just felt like a time
to sort of not go through those like
that circus act and just do something
really beautiful the shape debate has
been buzzing around all season trust
Marc Jacobs with his impeccable
instincts to have the definitive word on
the last day of the fall shows that his
presentation for Louis Vuitton
beautiful bodies and bosoms and the 15th
and you felt you're like you're in Rome
and he brought back the bosom but the
real bosom and the real hip and made us
all really smile the whole variety of
casting and women of different ages it
really just felt like a beautiful woman
wearing beautiful clothes he's in such a
great age range of models mothers and
teenagers so many designers talk about
how their collections made for all these
different varieties of women but then
they don't cast anyone over the age of
not that we set out to use different age
groups what we really did was we sat
around and we thought who would be
gorgeous in the show the best shows this
season have really been about the
emotional connection fashion can make
with people fill those women they bring
so much to clothes you don't project
your image on them they project
themselves through what they're wearing
which is really important because that's
how life is the clothes were just
exquisite those leather skirts and the
beaded sweaters of super sexy they
French young girl very sort of 50s
movies very glamorous it didn't look
like it was from any time it looks like
super modern doesn't just look like a 53
hash of something it just looked totally
new it's almost like doing nothing I
mean to me it's kind of like minimal and
okay it was a no brainer it's just that
beautiful woman this is a very luxurious
collection the attention to detail is
incredible the shoes the bags the gloves
he's went back to a woman who has a
power who's emotional I was not afraid
to be vulnerable and who is not afraid
to show her girls mark was celebrating
women and there were many different
sorts of women voluptuous women villains
brunettes but there was a sort of grace
and elegance that really felt like it
came from within from a lot of the girls
that he chose if you like a special
season for you now that it's over it's
been a really hard season it's been a
very emotional season but now that it's
over it's it's just been a really nice
experience